hey you want next year or the following year
apply for a medical study
such as medicine or nursing
then you must write a motivation letter
and send your resume
with these tips you get those parts of the selection anyway
let's start with motivation letter
what should it actually contain
do you want to become a doctor
be optional
I like something like helping people
you are not going to process that
find out what is important to your university of applied sciences
finds the journey I confirm
Groningen thought the theme of healthy ageing was important
and sustainable working
if you include that in your motivation letter
you already have a step ahead of the window plan
from a doctor or nurse
if we look at the eight
then he has seven competences
process this as much as possible in your motivation letter
and give concrete examples
which shows that you already comply
to those competences
then part two
your resume what should be there
TV in terms of off
gotta look really simple and straight forward
because that is professional
as a current medical student my resume looks like this
to actually put three types of things on your resume
do you want to apply for medicine or nursing
number one real study related activities
have you done extra projects and extra diploma
or have you followed extra course for longer
is then on your resume
then the heading organizational puts those things on
ifmedezeggenschapsraadlid
or board of a football club
or that you already have the teacher as a mentor
worked so related
do those things as a holiday job in the hospital
volunteer in the hospital
or that you have worked in a nursing home
if you build up your motivation letter and CV like this
it must be good ciao success